test: add e2e tests for oas2 dynamic json responses (#479)
stoplightio/prism: test-harness/specs/dynamic_json_responses-AC-1.dynamic-response.oas2.txt

====test====
Prism generates dynamic values for schema when no static examples are provided.

Given there are no examples defined for an operation
And this operation can produce application/json response

> And this operation response defines a JSON Schema (schema field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And this operation response defines a Schema Object
```

Let's use OpenAPI terminology here and call it a Schema Object. It's not JSON Schema so we should not say it is.

And I make a request to this operation
And the request has Accept header of application/json
Then I should get a response with dynamically generated JSON as payload
====spec====
swagger: "2.0"
info:
  title: 'title'
  version: '1.0'
paths:
  /todos:
    get:
      produces:
        - application/json
      responses:
        200:
          description: Get Todo Items
          schema:
            type: object
            properties:
              title:
                type: string
              description:
                type: string
              priority:
                type: integer
====server====

> mock -p 4010

Reviewer 2: The dynamic example should be explicitly enabled
```suggestion
mock -d -p 4010
```

This was not catch because of the problem I exposed above: the payload will always pass the schema validation because the schema is generated from the payload.

Author: @XVincentX, isn't `dynamic generation` enabled by default?

Reviewer 2: No, by default is not enabled.
